Update fip-0077.md specification (#963)
filecoin-project/FIPs: FIPS/fip-0077.md

## Specification

To combat spamming, a deposit reflecting the opportunity cost is proposed for each new miner creation, detailed as follows:

> ### Deposit Amount Calculation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Deposit Amount Calculation
```

> The deposit amount will be based on a waterline storage deposit of 10t, defined in the MINIMUM_CONSENSUS_POWER constant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The deposit amount will be based on a waterline storage deposit of 10TiB, defined in the MINIMUM_CONSENSUS_POWER constant.
```

> The deposit amount will be based on a waterline storage deposit of 10t, defined in the MINIMUM_CONSENSUS_POWER constant.
> This base amount will be multiplied by the sealing cost pledge, approximately 5.5 FIL/t as of 3/16/2024, as determined by StateMinerInitialPledgeCollateral. This reflects the economic conditions of the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deposit amount will be based on a waterline storage deposit of 10 TiB, defined in the MINIMUM_CONSENSUS_POWER constant.
This base amount will be multiplied by the sealing cost pledge, approximately 5.5 FIL/TiB as of 3/16/2024, as determined by StateMinerInitialPledgeCollateral. This reflects the economic conditions of the network.
```

I suppose this is what you meant

> This base amount will be multiplied by the sealing cost pledge, approximately 5.5 FIL/t as of 3/16/2024, as determined by StateMinerInitialPledgeCollateral. This reflects the economic conditions of the network.

Reviewer: Is the final formula just `MINIMUM_CONSENSUS_POWER x StateMinerInitialPledgeCollateral`? If so, that should be clearly written as the text can be interpreted in different ways.

> This base amount will be multiplied by the sealing cost pledge, approximately 5.5 FIL/t as of 3/16/2024, as determined by StateMinerInitialPledgeCollateral. This reflects the economic conditions of the network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This base amount will be multiplied by the Initial Pledge, approximately 5.5 FIL/TiB as of 3/16/2024, as determined by StateMinerInitialPledgeCollateral. This reflects the economic conditions of the network.
```

> ### Vesting Schedule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Vesting Schedule
```

> Deposited funds will be locked as rewards for 180 days, representing the opportunity cost and ensuring funds are temporarily inaccessible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deposited funds will be locked 180 days, similar to a portion of block rewards are locked for 180 days before they are released to SP, representing the opportunity cost and ensuring funds are temporarily inaccessible.
```

Reviewer 3: maybe we shouly released to miner

> ### Handling Deposit Discrepancies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Handling Deposit Discrepancies
```

> If the deposit is insufficient, the user will be notified of the exact amount required to proceed.

Reviewer 2: This seems like a client implementation detail. For this spec, maybe consider to rephrase this as "Miner actor creation will fail if user fail to provide sufficient deposit."

Author: @jennijuju thank you for your suggestion. I will modify the statement to reflect that miner actor creation will fail due to insufficient deposit, and I will also include details about the exact deposit amount required. This adjustment aims to address concerns regarding variable deposit amounts.

> Surplus deposits will be refunded to the Storage Provider's (SP) balance, ensuring only the necessary funds are locked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Surplus deposits will be added to the Storage Provider's (SP) available balance, ensuring only the necessary funds are locked.
```
